[air/output] Turn new output engine ON per default (#35129)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-air/user-guides.rst

- **RAY_AIR_FULL_TRACEBACKS**: If set to 1, will print full tracebacks for training functions,
  including internal code paths. Otherwise, abbreviated tracebacks that only show user code
  are printed. Defaults to 0 (disabled).

> - **RAY_AIR_NEW_OUTPUT**: If set to 0, this will disable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **RAY_AIR_NEW_OUTPUT**: If set to 0, this disables
```

  the :ref:`experimental new console output <air-experimental-new-output>`.

> - **RAY_AIR_RICH_LAYOUT**: If set to 1, this will enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **RAY_AIR_RICH_LAYOUT**: If set to 1, this enables
```

  the :ref:`stick table layout <air-experimental-rich>`

>   (currently only available for Ray Tune).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (only available for Ray Tune).
```

the
:ref:`Ray Tune multi-tenancy docs <tune-multi-tenancy>`
for potential pitfalls.

.. _air-experimental-overview:

Experimental features in Ray 2.5+
---------------------------------

> Starting in Ray 2.5, we're enabling some experimental

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in Ray 2.5, some experimental
```

> features per default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features are enabled by default.
```

> Experimental features are enabled so we can get feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experimental features are enabled to allow for feedback
```

from users. Every experimental feature can be disabled
by setting an environment variable. Some features are

> so early that they can only be *enabled* using an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not ready for general testing and can only be *enabled* using an
```

environment variable.

> Please see our :ref:`experimental features <air-experimental-features>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see :ref:`experimental features <air-experimental-features>`
```
